docs: how-to guide language changes (#2462)
langchain-ai/langgraph: docs/docs/how-tos/index.md

### Deployment

> There are a number of ways to deploy your LangGraph Platform applications:

Author: ```suggestion
LangGraph applications can be deployed using LangGraph Cloud, which provides a range of services to help you deploy, manage, and scale your applications.
```
